# Solar-Powered-Water-Trash-Collector
This project is designed and framed in interest of cleaning up the trashy rivers and pond and make them look free of trash. This is mobile application controlled via buetooth medium project .
The motive of the project is to design and fabricate the solar powered water trash collector. There are lot of waste materials currently polluting the water bodies such as seas, rivers, lakes, beaches and because of these the beauty of these natural sources is decreasing day by day. The government of India has invested huge capital for cleaning rivers and came with various river cleaning projects like “Namami Ganga”, “Narmada Bachao” and many other projects. Recently, India has signed an agreement titled “cities combating plastic entering the marine environment” on technical cooperation with Germany. Water is essential for survival of all living beings yet the main cause of pollution is the garbage produce by people. To overcome this problem our project “Solar powered water trash collector” is very helpful by collecting the trash which are floating on the surface of water. This system will work on the principle of wireless controlling of Arduino using mobile application. The proposed system consists of a conveyor belt which is constantly running and trash collector is installed below it. The project is work on the solar energy; no external power supply is required. A 12v battery is used to store the solar energy acquired by solar plate and energy of battery is used to operate complete boat. In this review paper, the main aim is to study the various components used in this project, proposed design and the working of project.
